[SDK-1988] Update ASPNET Core 2.1 MVC Quickstart (#9474)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/webapp/_includes/_create_and_assign_roles.md

## Create and Assign Roles

Before you can add Role Based Access Control, you will need to ensure the required roles are created and assigned to the corresponding user(s).
Follow the guidance explained in [assign-roles-to-users](/users/assign-roles-to-users) to ensure your user gets assigned the `admin` role.

> Once the role is created and assigned to the required user(s), you will need to create a [rule](/rules/current) that adds the role(s) to the IdToken so that it is available for your backend. To do so, go to the [new rule page](${manage_url}/#/rules/new) and create an empty rule. Then, use the following code for your rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the role is created and assigned to the required user(s), you will need to create a [rule](/rules/current) that adds the role(s) to the Id Token so that it is available to your backend. To do so, go to the [new rule page](${manage_url}/#/rules/new) and create an empty rule. Then, use the following code for your rule:
```
